README.md, before:

# playwright-document-generator README

This is the README for your extension "playwright-document-generator". After writing up a brief description, we recommend including the following sections.

## Features

Describe specific features of your extension including screenshots of your extension in action. Image paths are relative to this README file.

For example if there is an image subfolder under your extension project workspace:

\!\[feature X\]\(images/feature-x.png\)

> Tip: Many popular extensions utilize animations. This is an excellent way to show off your extension! We recommend short, focused animations that are easy to follow.

## Requirements

If you have any requirements or dependencies, add a section describing those and how to install and configure them.

## Extension Settings

Include if your extension adds any VS Code settings through the `contributes.configuration` extension point.

For example:

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `myExtension.enable`: Enable/disable this extension.
* `myExtension.thing`: Set to `blah` to do something.

## Known Issues

Calling out known issues can help limit users opening duplicate issues against your extension.

## Release Notes

Users appreciate release notes as you update your extension.

### 1.0.0

Initial release of ...

### 1.0.1

Fixed issue #.

### 1.1.0

Added features X, Y, and Z.

---

## Working with Markdown

You can author your README using Visual Studio Code.  Here are some useful editor keyboard shortcuts:

* Split the editor (`Cmd+\` on macOS or `Ctrl+\` on Windows and Linux)
* Toggle preview (`Shift+Cmd+V` on macOS or `Shift+Ctrl+V` on Windows and Linux)
* Press `Ctrl+Space` (Windows, Linux, macOS) to see a list of Markdown snippets

## For more information

* [Visual Studio Code's Markdown Support](http://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/markdown)
* [Markdown Syntax Reference](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/)

**Enjoy!**

Commit message:

Refactor and enhance documentation generator: rebrand extension, update README, improve prompts, and support multiple programming languages

README.md, after:

# AI-Powered Document Generator

A Visual Studio Code extension that uses AI (Google's Gemini) to automatically generate comprehensive documentation for your code. This extension can analyze any code files and create well-structured, professional documentation in Markdown format.

## Features

- **Multi-Language Support**: Generate documentation for any programming language including JavaScript, TypeScript, Python, Java, C#, and more.
- **Smart Analysis**: Uses Google's Gemini AI to understand your code's structure, purpose, and relationships.
- **Comprehensive Documentation**: Creates detailed documentation including:
  - Code overview and architecture
  - Dependencies and setup requirements
  - Detailed implementation explanations
  - Usage guides and examples
  - Best practices and recommendations
- **Customizable Templates**: Different documentation templates for various types of code:
  - General code documentation
  - Test automation documentation
  - API documentation
  - Component documentation
- **Markdown Output**: Clean, well-structured documentation in Markdown format
- **VS Code Integration**: Easy-to-use interface integrated into VS Code's activity bar

## Requirements

- Visual Studio Code v1.102.0 or higher
- Google Gemini API key (set in `.env` file)
- Node.js and npm installed

## Setup

1. Install the extension from the VS Code marketplace
2. Create a `.env` file in your workspace root with your Gemini API key:
   ```
   GEMINI_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
   ```
3. Open the AI Documentation Generator view from the activity bar
4. Select the files you want to document and choose a documentation type
5. Click "Generate Documentation" to create your documentation

## Known Issues

Calling out known issues can help limit users opening duplicate issues against your extension.

## Release Notes

Users appreciate release notes as you update your extension.

### 1.0.0

Initial release of ...

### 1.0.1

Fixed issue #.

### 1.1.0

Added features X, Y, and Z.

---

## Working with Markdown

You can author your README using Visual Studio Code.  Here are some useful editor keyboard shortcuts:

* Split the editor (`Cmd+\` on macOS or `Ctrl+\` on Windows and Linux)
* Toggle preview (`Shift+Cmd+V` on macOS or `Shift+Ctrl+V` on Windows and Linux)
* Press `Ctrl+Space` (Windows, Linux, macOS) to see a list of Markdown snippets

## For more information

* [Visual Studio Code's Markdown Support](http://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/markdown)
* [Markdown Syntax Reference](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/)

**Enjoy!**
